This example demonstrates how to set up a basic Electron project and load a web
application in it.

The included web application loads the Archway module and processes EEG signal
coming from a simulator device.

## Content

This example is composed of the following files:

 + Run script {@tutorial run.cmd}                            -> loads the environment and runs the application
   * Application configuration {@tutorial config.conf}       -> configuration which will be loaded by the Archway library
   * Web Application code {@tutorial index.html}             -> the web application that will be loaded
   * Launcher code {@tutorial main.js}                       -> back-end part of the application
   * Archway configuration file {@tutorial package.json}     -> Electron description for the application

## The Environment

The application is run by launching the {@tutorial run.cmd} script. This
script first load the Environment necessary to run the NeuroRT Engine
Server in *local* mode.

This environment consists of correctly setting up these environment
variables:

 * `OV_PATH_ROOT` = path to the root folder of the NeuroRT installation
 * `OV_PATH_BIN` = path to the folder containing NeuroRT executables
 * `OV_PATH_LIB` = path to the folder containing NeuroRT libraries
 * `OV_PATH_DATA` = path to the folder containing generic assets
 * `MENSIA_PATH_DATA` = path to folder containing Mensia specific

Note that in the majority of cases the following is true:

    OV_PATH_BIN="OV_PATH_ROOT/bin"
    OV_PATH_LIB="OV_PATH_ROOT/bin"
    OV_PATH_DATA="OV_PATH_ROOT/share/openvibe"
    MENSIA_PATH_DATA="OV_PATH_ROOT/share/mensia"

while the `OV_PATH_ROOT` will point to the folder where NeuroRT Studio
(or NeuroRT Redistributable) was installed.

## The Archway configuration

Archway configuration which will be loaded by the web application is
located in the `src/config.conf` file. This file will describe the
Archway library behaviour once the library is started.

By default Archway will run in *local* mode, that is the Engine will be
running on the same machine as the example program and will be
automatically launched by Archway. For more details on NeuroRT Engine
connection types please refer to the C++ Archway library documentation.

## The launcher file

The {@tutorial main.js} file contains a basic bootstrap which creates a Browser
window and loads the web application.

For convenience the launcher will also open developer tools. This
developer console most notably displays all logs generated by the Web
Application.

## The web application

Finally, the {@tutorial index.html} file contains the actual application that will
be executed and visible by the user.

This is a very simple example that simply shows two buttons and
otherwise outputs all its logs into the console.

When the user presses the `Start Processing` button, the following will
happen:

 1. The Archway library will be initialized
   - as per {@tutorial config.conf}, Archway will initialize in *local* mode
 2. An Echo pipeline will be created on the server
   - to know more about the pipelines please refer to the C++ Archway
     lirbary documentation
 3. The acquisition devices will be started
   - as per {@tutorial config.conf} the acquisition device will be the Simulator
 4. The processing Engine is started
 5. The application will process data from the device for 2 seconds
 6. Then the processing Engine is stopped
 7. The Echo pipeline is released
 8. Acquisition devices are stopped
 9. Finally, the Archway library is uninitialized

Once the whole process stops it can be repeated or the user can click on
the `Exit Application` button to quit.


